Ha, ha, ha, I don't believe it. Da, da, ah, ooh, don't touch me. Hey, Ray! Hey, Sugar! Tell 'em who we are. Well, we're big rock singers. We've got golden fingers. And we're loved everywhere we go (That sounds like us). We sing about beauty. And we sing about truth. For ten thousand dollars a show (Right!). We take all kind of pills. That give us all kind of thrills. But the thrill we've never known. Is the thrill that'll get ya. When you get your picture. On the cover of the Rolling Stone. (Rolling Stone) Wanna see my picture on the cover. (Stone) Wanna buy five copies for my mother (Yeah!). (Stone) Wanna see my smilin' face. On the cover of the Rolling Stone (That's a very, very, good idea!). I got a freaky ol' lady name o' Cocaine Katy. Who embroiders on my jeans. I got my poor old gray-haired daddy. Drivin' my limousine. Now, it's all designed to blow our minds. But our minds won't really be blown. Like the blow that'll get ya when you get your picture. On the cover of the Rolling Stone. (Rolling Stone) Wanna see our pictures on the cover. (Stone) Wanna buy five copies for our mothers (yeah). (Stone) Wanna see my smilin' face. On the cover of the Rolling Stone. (Hey, I know how, rock and roll!!). (Ah, that's beautiful). We got a lot of little teenage blue-eyed groupies. Who do anything we say. We got a genuine Indian guru. Who's teaching us a better way. We got all the friends that money can buy. So we never have to be alone. And we keep getting richer but we can't get our picture. On the cover of the Rolling Stone. (Rolling Stone) Wanna see my picture on the cover. (Stone) Wanna buy five copies for my mother (I want one!). (Stone) Wanna see my smilin' face. On the cover of the Rolling Stone. On the cover of the Rolling Stone. Wanna see my picture on the cover. (Man, I don't know why we ain't on the cover, Baby). (We're beautiful people). Wanna buy five copies for my mother. (I ain't kiddin', why, we would make a beautiful cover. (Fresh shot, right up front, man). On the cover of the Rolling Stone. (I can see it now, we'll be up on the front). (Smilin', man. ahh, beautiful!).