Everybody won't you get on the floor. (Get on the floor and let the good time roll). We got a kung fu bumpin' 'til it's time to go. (Get on the floor and let the good time roll). Come on get down, get down. Grab your partner and dance to the beat. (Get on the floor and let the good time roll). Let the music control your feet, now. (Get on the floor and let the good time roll). Come on and party, baby. (Get down, get down). Get down all night long. Baby, why don't ya. (Get down, get down). Me and you. (Get down, get down). I know you (have??) it. (Get down, get down). Why don't you get on the floor and let the good time roll. Come on and let it roll. I feel the beat, I feel the heat. Everybody won't you clap your hands and dance. (Get on the floor and let the good time roll). Come on. All you got to do is move your body and shake what you can. Oh, baby. (Get on the floor and let the good time roll). Oh, let me tell ya your lookin' good now. (Get on the floor and let the good time roll). Come on, baby. (Get down, get down). Get down. Come on and get down all the way, baby. (Get down, get down). I know you (have??) it. (Get down, get down). (?????) operator. (Get down, get down). Why don't you get on the floor and let the good time roll. Everybody is lookin' good, now. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). Oh ya. And your doin' that kung fu bumpin' like I know you could, now. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). It ain't now harm, yal. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). It ain't no harm to do the bump. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). But someone out there is doin the devil bump, look out. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). Go ahead and do your thing, baby. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). Come on and bump, baby. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). Come on and kung fu, kung fu, kung fu, kung Fu bumpin', now. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). Oh, your doin' it tonight, baby. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). You got me feelin' good tonight, oh baby. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). I ain't felt this good, honey. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). Since I don't know when. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). I might not, baby. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). Oh honey, I might not feel this good again. (Get on the floor and let the good time roll). You see that's why right now. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). I'm goin' to get out on the floor. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). I'm goin' to do my own thing tonight. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). You see somebody doin' it like this. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). Now the kool cats are doin' it like this. (Get down on the floor and let the good time roll). Ha, ha, eh. (Get on the floor and let the good time roll). Come on, come on, come on, eh. Come, come, come on. Come on, oh baby.