Ooh, ooh-ooh. I'll keep working my way back to you, babe. With a burning love inside. Yeah, I'm working my way back to you, babe. And the happiness that died. I let it get away (Do-do, do-do-do). Been payin' every day (Do-do, do-do-do). When you were so in love with me. I played around like I was free. Thought I could have my cake and eat it, too. But how I cried over losing you. See, I'm down and out. But I ain't about to go living my life without you. Hey, every day I made you cry. I'm paying, girl, till the day I die. I'll keep working my way back to you, babe. With a burning love inside. Yeah, I'm working my way back to you, babe. And the happiness that died. I let it get away (Do-do, do-do-do). Been payin' every day (Do-do, do-do-do). Oh, I used to love to make you cry. It made me feel like a man inside. If I had been a man in reality. You would be here, baby, loving me. Now my nights are long and lonely. And I ain't too proud, babe, I just miss you so. Girl, but you're too proud, and you won't give in. But when I think about all I could win. I'll keep working my way back to you, babe. With a burning love inside. Yeah, I'm working my way back to you, babe. And the happiness that died. I let it get away (Do-do, do-do-do). Been payin' every day (Do-do, do-do-do). (You, you, babe) My road is kinda long. (You, you, babe) I just gotta get back home. Whoa, I'm really sorry for actin' that way. I'm really sorry, ooh, little girl. I'm really sorry for telling you lies for so long. Oh, please, forgive me, girl, come on (Give me a chance). Won't you forgive me, girl, hey (Let's have romance). Ooh, forgive me, girl (Let's start again). Come on, forgive me, girl. I want you over and over and over and over again. I keep working my way back to you, babe. With a burning love inside. Hey, I'm working my way back to you, babe. And the happiness that died. I let it get away (Do-do, do-do-do). Payin' every day (Do-do, do-do-do). I keep (Working my way back to you, babe). Yeah (Burning love inside). (Working my way back to you, babe).