You can boogie like disco, love that disco sound. Turn up the volume and move it all around. But don't, don't, don't, don't, don't forget, oh no. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't forget. The Stars On 45 keep on turning in your mind. Like "We Can Work It Out". Remember "Twist and Shout". You still don't "Tell Me Why" and "No Reply". 1, 2, 3, 4. This happened once before when I came to your door. No reply. They said it wasn't you but I saw you peep through your window. You know if you break my heart I'll go. But I'll come back again. 'Cause I told you once before goodbye. But I came back again. Asked a girl what she wanted to be. And she said, "Baby, can't you see?". "I wanna be famous, a star on the screen.". "But you can do something in between!". "Baby, you can drive my car.". "Yes, I'm gonna be a star.". "Baby, you can drive my car.". "And baby, I love you!". Listen, do you want to know a secret? Do you promise not to tell? Oh, oh-a-oh, oh. Closer, let me whisper in your ear. Say the words you long to hear. I'm in love with you (oh-a-ooh-ooh). Try to see it my way. Do I have to keep on talking 'til I can't go on? While you see it your way. Run the risk of knowing that our love may soon be gone. We can work it out. We can work it out. I should've know better with a girl like you. That I would love everything that you do. And I do, hey, hey, hey. He's a real nowhere man, sitting in his nowhere land. You're gonna lose that girl. You're gonna lose that girl. You're gonna lose that girl. I think I'm gonna be sad, I think it's today, yeah. The girl that's driving me mad is going away. She's got a ticket to ride, she's got a ticket to ride. She's got a ticket to ride and she don't care. Say the word and you'll be free. Say the word and be like me. Say the word I'm thinking of. Have you heard the word is love? It's so fine, it's sunshine. It's the word, love. Ahh, look at all the lonely people. Ahh, look at all the lonely people. When I'm walking beside her people tell me I'm lucky. Yes, I know I'm a lucky guy. I remember the first time I was lonely without her. Can't stop thinking about her now. Every little thing she does, she does for me, yeah. And you know the things she does, she does for me, oooh. You tell me that you've got everything you want. And your bird can sing. But you don't get me, you don't get me. When your prized possessions start to wear you down. Look in my direction, I'll be around, I'll be around. Jojo was a man who thought he was a loner. But he knew it wouldn't last. Jojo left his home in Tucson, Arizona. For some California grass. Get back, get back, get back to where you once belonged. Get back, get back, get back to where you once belonged. Got a good reason for takin' the easy way out. Got a good reason for takin' the easy way out now. She was a day tripper, one way ticket, yeah. It took me so long to find out and I found out. It's been a long time. Now I'm coming back home. I've been away now. Oh, how I've been alone. Wait 'til I come back to your side. We'll forget the tears we've cried. But if your heart breaks. Don't wait, turn me away. And if your heart's strong. Hold on, I won't delay. The Stars On 45 keep on turning in your mind. Like "We Can Work It Out". Remember "Twist and Shout". You still don't "Tell Me Why" and "No Reply".