I want my, I want my MTV. I want my, I want my MTV. I want my, I want my MTV. I want my, I want my MTV. Now look at them yo-yo's, that's the way you do it. You play the guitar on the MTV. That ain't workin', that's the way you do it. Money for nothin' and your chicks for free. Now that ain't workin', that's the way you do it. Lemme tell ya, them guys ain't dumb. Maybe get a blister on your little finger. Maybe get a blister on your thumb. We gotta install microwave ovens. Custom kitchen deliveries. We gotta move these refrigerators. We gotta move these color TV's. See the little faggot with the earring and the makeup. Yeah buddy that's his own hair. That little faggot got his own jet airplane. That little faggot, he's a millionaire. We gotta install microwave ovens. Custom kitchen deliveries. We gotta move these refrigerators. We gotta move these color TV's. (Move-a, move-a. uh). We gotta move these refrigerators. Look here, look here. I shoulda learned to play the guitar. I shoulda learned to play them drums. Look at that mama, she got it stickin' in the camera. Oh, man we could have some fun. And he's up there, what's that? Hawaiian noises? He's bangin' on the bongos like a chimpanzee. Oh, that ain't workin', that's the way you do it. Get your money for nothin' and your chicks for free. We gotta install microwave ovens. Custom kitchen deliveries. We gotta move these refrigerators. We gotta move these color TV's. Listen here. Now, that ain't workin', that's the way you do it. You play the guitar on the MTV. That ain't workin', that's the way you do it. Money for nothin' and your chicks for free. Money for nothin', chicks for free. Get your money for nothin' and your chicks for free. Money for nothin', chicks for free. Money for nothin', chicks for free. Money for nothin', chicks for free. Get your money for nothin', get your chicks for free (Ow, yeah). Get your money for nothin' and your chicks for free (What's that?). Get your money for nothin' and your chicks for free (Look at that, look at that). Get your money for nothin' and your chicks for free (I want my, I want my, I want my MTV) (Bozos). Money for nothin' and your chicks for free (I want my, I want my, I want my MTV). Get your money for nothin' and your chicks for free (I want my, I want my, I want my MTV). Ow, money for nothin' and your chicks for free (I want my, I want my, I want my MTV). (Easy easy money) money for nothin', (Easy easy chicks) chicks for free (I want my, I want my, I want my MTV). (Easy easy) money for nothin', your chicks for free (I want my, I want my, I want my MTV). (That ain't workin'). Money for nothin', chicks for free. Money for nothin'.