. Bangkok, Oriental Setting. But the city don't know what the city is getting. The crème de la crème of the chess world. In a show with everything but Yul Brynner. Time flies – doesn't seem a minute. Since the Tyrolean spa had the chess boards in it. All changed, don't you know that when you. Play at this level there's no ordinary venue. It's Iceland, or the Philippines, or Hastings. Or. Or this place!. One night in Bangkok and the world's your oyster. The bars are temples but their pearls ain't free. You'll find a god in every golden cloister. And if you're lucky, then the god's a she. I can feel an angel slidin' up to me. One town's very like another. When your head's down over your pieces, brother. It's a drag, it's a bore, it's really such a pity. To be looking at the board not looking at the city. Whattaya mean?! You've seen one crowded, polluted, stinking town. T-girls. , warm and sweet (. ). Some are set up. In the Somerset Maugham suite. Get Thai'd, you're talking to a tourist. Whose every move's among the purest:. "I get my kicks above the waistline, sunshine". One night in Bangkok makes the hard man humble. Not much between despair and ecstasy. One night in Bangkok and the tough guys tumble. Can't be too careful with your company. I can feel the devil walking next to me. Siam's gonna be the witness. To the ultimate test of cerebral fitness. This grips me more than would a muddy old river. Or reclining Buddha. But thank God I'm only watching the game. Controlling it. I don't see you guys rating. The kind of mate I'm contemplating. I'd let you watch, I would invite you. But the queens we use would not excite you. So, you better go back to your bars. Your temples, your massage parlors. One night in Bangkok and the world's your oyster. The bars are temples but their pearls ain't free. You'll find a god in every golden cloister. A little flesh, a little history. I can feel an angel slidin' up to me. One night in Bangkok makes the hard man humble. Not much between despair and ecstasy. One night in Bangkok and the tough guys tumble. Can't be too careful with your company. I can feel the devil walking next to me.