Something in the moonlight catches my eye. The shadow of a lover goes dancing by. Looking for a little bit of love to grow, so. Give me love, give me heart and soul. You never let me cross to the other side now. I'm tied to the hope that you will somehow. Hard on the heels of something more. But I lost your love, heart and soul. The tear in my heart as you walk on by. (more than an ocean). I feel so low and your head is high. Everything you do convinces me more. (keeps us apart). Please, give me love, give me heart and soul. Looking to the day when I saw your face. (I feel a tearing in half of my heart). I wasn't in the running, I wasn't in the race. You move in a way that I've known before. Now I want your love, heart and soul. Tired eyes, tears that dried. (leaving you ain't easy now). On the bed, on the pillow, where the love has died. (loving you's the harder part). A turn of the key, through the door you go. (you never want me for myself). Don't look back, to hurt me more. (now I've needed you right from the very start). Everything you said was to the point. Can't you try to (oh won't you even try to). Give a little bit of heart and soul. (give a little bit of heart and soul). Give a little bit of love to grow. Give a little bit of heart and soul. (give a little bit of heart and soul). And don't you make me beg for more. (must I beg you). Give a sign, I need to know. A little bit of heart and soul. Walking on the water, walking on the air. (a walk on the water). That was the heart of the love we shared. Do you keep secret left untold. (is all that I need). Can't give love, heart or soul. I used to have a lover with a Midas touch. (but miracles are not happening). I turned to gold but he turned to dust. Left me for another, I turned to stone. Now give me love, heart and soul. Tired eyes, tears that dried. (living in a fantasy). On the bed, on the pillow, where you told your lies. (there's never any room to breathe). A turn of the key, my blood runs cold. (hoping every waking hour). Don't look back to hurt me more. (you'll turn around and say that we can start). Everything you did just said it all. Can't you try to (oh won't you even try to). Give a little bit of heart and soul. (give a little bit of heart and soul). Give a little bit of love to grow. Give a little bit of heart and soul. (give a little bit of heart and soul). And don't you make me beg for more. (must I beg you). Give a sign, I need to know. A little bit of heart and soul. Somehow, I lost my way. Looking to see something in your eyes. But love will never compromise. Now this is the politics of life, yeah! Give a little bit of heart and soul. (give a little bit of heart and soul). Give a little bit of love to grow. Give a little bit of heart and soul. (give a little bit of heart and soul). And don't you make me beg for more. (must I beg you). Give a sign, I need to know. A little bit, little bit.