Red, red wine. Goes to my head. Makes me forget that I. Still need her so. Red, red wine. It's up to you. All I can do I've done. Memories won't go. Memories won't go. I'd have sworn that with time. Thoughts of you would leave my head. I was wrong, now I find. Just one thing makes me forget. Red, red wine. Stay close to me. Don't let me be alone. It's tearin' apart. My blue, blue heart. I'd have sworn that with time. Thoughts of you would leave my head. I was wrong, now I find. Just one thing makes me forget. Red, red wine. Stay close to me. Don't let me be alone. It's tearin' apart. My blue, blue heart. Red red wine, you make me feel so fine. You keep me rockin' all of the time. Red red wine, you make me feel so grand. I feel a million dollar when you're just in my hand. Red red wine, you make me feel so sad. Any time I see you go, it make me feel bad. Red red wine, you make me feel so fine. Monkey pack him Rizla pon the sweet Dep line. Red red wine, you give me whole heap of zing. Whole heap of zing, you make me do my own thing. Red red wine, you really know how fi love. Your kind of lovin' like a blessing from above. Red red wine, I loved you right from the start. Right from the start with all of my heart. Red red wine in an eighties style. Red red wine in a modern beat style, yeah. Give me a little time, help me clear up my mind. Give me a little time, help me clear up my mind. Give me red wine, the kind make me feel fine. You make me feel fine all of the time. Red red wine, you make me feel so fine. Monkey pack him Rizla pon the sweet Dep line. The line broke, the monkey get choked. Burn bad ganja pon his little rowing boat. Red red wine, I'm gonna hold on to you. Hold on to you 'cause I know your love true. Red red wine, I'm gonna love you till I die. Love you till I die, and that's no lie. Red red wine, can't get you off my mind. Wherever you may be, I'll surely find. I'll surely find, make no fuss. Just stick with us. Give me a little time, help me clear up my mind. Give me a little time, help me clear up my mind. Give me red wine, the kind make me feel fine. You make me feel fine all of the time. Red red wine, you make me feel so fine. Monkey pack him Rizla pon the sweet Dep line. The line broke, the monkey get choked. Burn bad ganja pon his little rowing boat. Red red wine, you really know how fi love. Your kind of lovin' like a blessing from above. Red red wine, I loved you right from the start. Right from the start with all of my heart. Red red wine, you give me whole heap of zing. Whole heap of zing, you make me do my own thing. Red red wine in an eighties style. Red red wine in a modern beat style, yeah. Red red wine, you make me feel so fine. You keep me rockin' all of the time. Red red wine, you make me feel so grand. I feel a million dollar when you're just in my hand. Red red wine, you make me feel so sad. Any time I see you go, it make me feel bad. Red red wine, you make me feel so fine. Monkey pack him Rizla pon the sweet Dep line.