Things that make you go hmm. I was at the crib, sittin' by the fireplace. Drinkin' cocoa on the bear skin rug. The door bell rang, who could it be? Thought to myself then started to shrug. Got to the door, ding dong, who is it? My girl's best friend had payed me a visit. Fly as can be, tight dress and all. She knew that I was faithful, I really didn't have the gall. I tried to chilll, she made the move. Now I know my girlfriend wouldn't approve. I didn't realize my girl was settin' me up. Yo, my girl didn't trust me, no! Yeah, but she lost control I wouldn't take the bait. I said: "Chill, baby, baby, chill, baby, baby, wait". My girl bust in, caught us creating a boom. She said: "Girlfriend?". Things that make you go hmm. Things that make you go hmm. Things that make you go hmm, yeaheah. Things that make you go hmm. Things that make you go hmm, hmm, hmm. Here's how it started, just an example. Of how another brother can trample. Ruin your life, sleep with your wife. Watch your behind. There was a friend of mine named Jay. Would come over late at night and say hey. I watched the fight, I thought it was alright. 'Cause me and Jay were really, really tight. So damned close we had the same blood type. Months went by and my wife got big. We were havin' a child and I got another gig. So I let Jay move into the crib and chill. He had his own room and helped pay the bills. The time had come (For the baby down to the scene). It looked like Jay and I couldn't believe. Before my eyes in the delivery room. The things that make you go hmm. Things that make you go hmm. The things that make you go hmm, hmm, yeaheah. The things that make you go hmm. Things that make you go hmm. The things that make you go hmm, hmm, hmm. Robbie Rob, break it down! Give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me. Give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me. Give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me. Give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me. Give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me. Give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me. Give it to me, give it to me, give it to me, give it to me. Give it to me, give it to me. Seventeen and I was havin' a ball. Eleventh grade and yo I knew it all. I fell in love for the very first time. With this girl, she really blew my mind. Inner sense and whole lotta class. Style that could give you whiplash. We said hello and my heartbeat stopped. She was the world and I was on top. Time went by, she filled my universe. We made love, she said I was the first. My boy kept tellin' me: "Yo, I don't know. I think your girl's been playing tic tac toe". I'll ask my girl I know she only loves me. Wasn't I the one who took your viginity? The look on her face read sorrow and gloom. She said "Yeah, why do you guys always ask that?". Things that make you go hmm. Things that make you go hmm. It's the things that make you go hmm, yeaheah. Things that make you go hmm. Things that make you go hmm. It's the things that make you go hmm, hmm, hmm. Hey, ladies, have you ever had a man. Go away for business, come back with a tan. Comes home late at night from work. You cooked him dinner now you feel like a jerk. Sayin' he didn't have time to eat. And he's not even hungry, he wants to retreat. To the bedroom he said his head hurts. You're only makin' love in radical spurts. Mysterious calls and the phone goes click. You say to yourself: "I'm gonna hit him with a brick". Ain't no way he could be cheatin' on me. I wonder who bought him those BVD's. Dressed to a T to hang with the fellas. Over the guys and I'm getting jealous. Comin' home late smellin' like perfume (Fume). Things that make you go hmm. Things that make you go hmm. It's the things that make you go hmm, yeaheah. Things that make you go hmm. Things that make you go hmm, hmm, hmm. Things that make you go hmm. It's the things that make you go hmm, yeaheah. Things that make you go hmm. It's the things that make you go hmm, hmm, hmm. Things that make you go hmm. Things that make you go hmm.