When I say goodbye it is never for long. 'Cause I know our love still lives on. It will be again exactly like it was. 'Cause I believe in the power of love. When you're close I can feel the power. When it's love I can always tell. Love for me is the best thing now. It's something that I know so well. Hold me closer and every minute. Of every hour, feel the power of love, yeah. Hold me tighter and take me higher. And feel the fire of the power of love. Did you know that your feelings show. You thought your love was locked up inside. But when your senses start to overload. Love is something you should never hide. You've got to believe in love. It's a feeling that's next to none. Can't stop until we are one. With the power of love. Tell everyone to try. I promise you'll reach the sky. One thing that we can't deny. Is the power of love. So close your eyes and you can feel it. Comin' straight from above, it's the power of love. You can't deny it, so don't even try it. Let the feelin' sweep you off your feet. You've got to believe in love. It's a feeling that's next to none. Can't stop until we are one. With the power of love. Tell everyone you see. How much better the world could be. For them and for you, for me. With the power of love. Ooh, ooh, ooh. My-my-my-my-my-my. You've got to feel the power. Yeah, yeah. So listen up and you will hear it. A symphony from above, it's the power of love. So glad we've found it, now there's no way around it. Just let the feeling sweep you off your feet. You've got to believe in love. It's a feeling that's next to none. Can't stop until we are one. With the power of love. Tell everyone to try. I promise you'll reach the sky. One thing that you can't deny. Is the power of love. When we walk down the street. We don't care who we see or who we meet. Don't need to run, don't need to hide. 'Cause we've got something burning inside, yeah. We've got love power. It's the greatest power of them all, ooh.ooh. We've got love power. And together we can't fall, sing it with. We've got love (Love) power (Power). It's the greatest power of them all. Oh, we've got love (Love) power (Power). And together we can't fall, and all the good. (We've got love) Ooh, we've got love (Power), yes, we do. (It's the greatest power of them all). (We've got love) Love-love-love (Power). (And together we can't fall) We'll never fall if we've got. (We've got love) If we've got love (Power). (It's the greatest power of them all). (We've got love) Tell the world we got love (Power) tell the people about it. (And together we can't fall) And it's all because we've got, we've got. We've got love (Love) power (Power). Oh, it's the greatest power of them all and if you believe me. We've got more love (Love) power (Power). And together we can't fall, I know, can't fall. We can't fall (Love) when there's a love power (Power). 'Cause it's the greatest power of them all.