. :. Girl you know we belong together. I don't have no time for you to be playing with my heart like this. You'll be mine forever baby, you just see. We belong together and you know that I'm right. Why do you play with my heart, why do you play with my mind. Said we'd be forever, said it'd never die. How could you love me and leave me and never say goodbye. Well I can't sleep at night without holding you tight. Girl each time I try I just break down and cry. Pain in my head, oh I'd rather be dead. Spinnin' it 'round and around. Although we've come to the end of the road. Still I can't let go. It's unnatural, you belong to me, I belong to you. Come to the end of the road. Still I can't let go. It's unnatural, you belong to me, I belong to you. Girl I know you really love me, you just don't realize. You've never been there before, it's only your first time. Maybe I'll forgive you,. maybe you'll try. We should be happy together forever, you and I. Can you love me again like you loved me before? This time I want you to love me much more. This time instead, just come to my bed. And baby just don't let me, don't let me down. Although we've come to the end of the road. Still I can't let go. It's unnatural, you belong to me, I belong to you. Come to the end of the road. Still I can't let go. It's unnatural, you belong to me, I belong to you. :. Girl, I'm here for you. All those times at night when you just hurt me. And just run out with that other fella. Baby I knew about it, I just didn't care. You just don't understand how much I love you do you. I'm here for you. I'm not out to go out and cheat at night, just like you did baby. But that's alright, (Huh) I love you anyway. And I'm still gonna be here for you till my dying day baby. Right now, I'm just in so much pain baby. 'Cause you just won't come back to me. Will you just come back to me. Yes baby my heart is lonely. My heart hurts baby. I feel pain too. Baby please. This time instead, just come to my bed. And baby just don't let me down. Although we've come, to the end of the road. Still I can't let go. It's unnatural. you belong to me. I belong to you. Come,. To the end of the road. Still I can't let go. It's unnatural, you belong to me, I belong to you. Although we've come, to the end of the road. Still I can't let go. It's unnatural. , you belong to me. I belong to you. Come to the end of the road. Still I can't let go. It's unnatural. , you belong to me, I belong to you.