Well the key to my survival. Was never in much doubt. The question was how I could keep sane. Trying to find the way out. Things were never easy for me. Peace of mind was hard to find. And I needed a place where I could hide. Somewhere I could call mine. I didn't think much about it. Till it started happening all the time. Soon I was living with the fear every day. Of what might happen that night. I couldn't stand to hear the crying. Of my mother, and I remember when. I swore that, that would be the last they'd see of me. And I never went home again. They say that time is a healer. And now my wounds are not the same. I rang the bell with my heart in my mouth. I had to hear what he'd say. Well, he sat me down to talk to me. He looked me straight in the eyes. He said, you're no son, you're no son of mine. You're no son, you're no son of mine. You walked out, you left us behind. And you're no son, you're no son of mine. Oh, his words how they hurt, I'll never forget it. And as the time, it went by, I lived to regret it. You're no son, you're no son of mine. But where should I go, and what should I do. You're no son, you're no son of mine. But I came here for help, oh I came here for you. Well the years, they passed so slowly. I thought about him every day. What would I do if we passed on the street? Would I keep running away? In and out of hiding places. Soon I'd have to face the facts. We'd have to sit down and talk it over. And that would mean going back. They say that time is a healer. And now my wounds are not the same. But I rang the bell with my heart in my mouth. I had to hear what he'd say. He sat me down to talk to me. And he looked me straight in the eyes. He said, you're no son, you're no son of mine. You're no son, you're no son of mine. When you walked out, you left us behind. And you're no son, you're no son of mine. Oh, his words how they hurt, I'll never forget it. And as the time, it went by, I lived to regret it. You're no son, you're no son of mine. But where should I go, and what should I do. You're no son, you're no son of mine. But I came here for help, oh I was looking for you. You're no son, you're no son of mine, oh. You're no son, ha yeah, ha yeah, ha yeah. You're no son, you're no son of mine, oh, oh.