When I wake up, well, I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who wakes up next to you. When I go out, yeah, I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who goes along with you. If I get drunk, well, I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who gets drunk next to you. And if I haver, hey, I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who's havering to you. But I would walk five hundred miles. And I would walk five hundred more. Just to be the man who walked a thousand miles. To fall down at your door. When I'm working, yes, I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who's working hard for you. And when the money comes in for the work I do. I'll pass almost every penny on to you. When I come home (When I come home), oh, I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who comes back home to you. And if I grow old, well, I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who's growing old with you. But I would walk five hundred miles. And I would walk five hundred more. Just to be the man who walked a thousand miles. To fall down at your door. Da lat da (Da lat da), da lat da (Da lat da). Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle uh da-da. Da lat da (Da lat da), da lat da (Da lat da). Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle uh da-da. When I'm lonely, well, I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who's lonely without you. And when I'm dreaming, well, I know I'm gonna dream. I'm gonna dream about the time when I'm with you. When I go out (When I go out), well, I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who goes along with you. And when I come home (When I come home), yes, I know I'm gonna be. I'm gonna be the man who comes back home with you. I'm gonna be the man who's coming home with you. But I would walk five hundred miles. And I would walk five hundred more. Just to be the man who walked a thousand miles. To fall down at your door. Da lat da (Da lat da), da lat da (Da lat da). Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle uh da-da. Da lat da (Da lat da), da lat da (Da lat da). Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle uh da-da. Da lat da (Da lat da), da lat da (Da lat da). Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle uh da-da. Da lat da (Da lat da), da lat da (Da lat da). Da-da-da dun-diddle un-diddle un-diddle uh da-da. And I would walk five hundred miles. And I would walk five hundred more. Just to be the man who walked a thousand miles. To fall down at your door.