Lately there seems to be some insecurities. About the way I feel where I wanna be. Boy, you know it's with you. No one can do the things you do to me. Never to be mistaking, long as it's love we're making. There'll be no hesitating. You and me, an that's the way it will be. And I won't leave your side. Cause you know. Love will be right here. Be right here, right here. Be right here. (Dont't you have no) No fears, have (no fear)no fear. (Don't shed) No tears (no tears) love is here. True love some don't believe in that's just what I'm giving. I'm gonna keep it strong, I'll be holding on to you. No one can do me like you do it's true. Sure as the sun is shining our love will keep on climbing. There's gonna be some rain gonna be some pain. But as long as I know. Boy time will show our love will grow. And I know. Love will be right here. Be right here, right here. Be right here. (You dont't need to have no)No fears, have no fear (no fears). (Don't shed) No tears love is here. Love will be right here. Be right here, right here. Be right here. (You dont't need to have no)No fears, have no fear (no fears). (Don't shed) No tears love is here. Won't let go, you should know this thing is here. No questions, just listen to your heart and. Baby what's the problem it seems like. Were havin' trouble you dont seem to understand. The life I led in double my heart belongs to you and only you. And you know its true a fony imatation just wont do. Relax you mind I'm not the kind to run and waste my time. Want a fly brotha that just dont compare, I'll be there I swear. Far and near, have no fear, I dont care, you can count on me I'll be right here. Right here, right here. Right here, right here. (Dont't you have no) No fears, have (no fear)no fear. (Don't shed) No tears (no tears) love is here. (Love is gonna be). Be right here, right here. Be right Here. (Dont't you have no) No fears, have (no fear)no fear. (Don't shed) No tears (no tears) love is here. (Love is gonna be). Be right here, right here. Be right Here. (Dont't you have no) No fears, have (no fear)no fear. (Don't shed) No tears (no tears) love is here. Love is gonna be.