At these up late times, hardcore funkateers before the bop gun. We unleash you a positive light. The bop gun can do you no harm. It frees yo mind, so yo kind can follow. Yeah. So wide you can't get around it. So low you can't get under it. So high you can't get over it. IIIIIIII, can't get over it. (Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit). (Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit). (Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit). (Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit). Well all right!. (Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit). Attention all radio station jocks. (Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit). haw haw, got to be groovin' jammin' on yo box. (Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit). The Mothership Connection is upon you again. (Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit). Yeah, workin' up a sweat, is it wet yet? (Ready or not, here we come. Getting down for the one which we believe in). Verse 1: Ice Cube. 1993, much more ba-e-ya-e-younce. Ice Cube comin' with the half ounce. Not Just Knee Deep, jeep fulla smog. A, To, mic, Dog. Like ya behind, heard it through the grapevine. How much longer will you be mine? And I'ma tell ya, I don't like drama. So do I have to put my handcuffs on your mama. 'Cause Bertha Butt did her fuckin' boogie with her crew. But I'd rather fuck you, boo. And make you say humdrum, tweedee dum. Humdrum don't succumb when I'm done, buckin' shit. One nation under a groove gettin down for the fuck of it. Tear the roof of this motherfucker like we did last night, son. And hit you with the bop gun. (Clinton). Here's my chance to dance my way. Out of my constriction. Gonna be freakin' up and down. Hang up really late. The groove I only got. We shall all be moved. Ready or not, here we come. Gettin down for the one which we believe in. (One nation under a groove. Gettin down just for the funk of it. One nation and we're on the move. Nothin can stop us now). {Yeah.}. Dance, sucka, dance! {Yeah, heh heh. And it don't stop. Sheeeit.}. Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for. Aw, feet don't fail me now! Ha ha! (Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for). Do you promise the funk {yep}, the whole funk,. Nothin but the funk? {Hit you with the bop gun, heh, Buss a cap with my bop gun,. Gotta hit you with the bop gun, Buss a cap with the bop gun, hit you with the bop gun,. Buss a cap with the bop gun, heh, 'cause I'm the top gun.}. Ready. {yep} Ready. {yep} Ready. {yep, come on}. (Ready or not, here we come. Gettin down on the one which we believe in). Verse 2: Ice Cube. If you hear any noise, it's just me and the boys. Playin with our toys. M-1, cuz everybody's gotta have fun. Under the sun, under the sun. So rough, so tough when I get down. The disco fiend with the monster sound. I wants to get fucked up when I'm chillin', whoa. The bigger the headache, the bigger the pill-in. You let her funk me 'cause my funk is the best. Comin from the West. Kickin that shit be occupied, dedicated to the preservation motion of hips. Hittin them dips, cd skips but I'm straight. As I bounce, rock, skate, now I'll toast to that. If it's rough, make the girls say. "Do that stuff! Aw, do that stuff!". But ya got to be, you got to be a freak of the week. For the top gun, hit you with the bop gun. (One nation under a groove. Gettin down just for the funk of it. One nation and we're on the move. Nothin can stop us now). {Trick! Yeeah!} Jus hit 'em with the bop gun! (One nation under a groove {heh}. Gettin down just for the funk of it. One nation and we're on the move. Nothin can stop us now). {Get up with the bop gun.}. (One nation under a groove ('bout time we got down, one time). Gettin down just for {the fuck of it, yeahh}. One nation and we're on the move. Nothin can stop us now). (One nation under a groove (now everybody say). Gettin down just for the funk of it. One nation and we're on the move. Nothin can stop us now). (Here's my chance to dance my way. Out of my constriction). (Feet don't fail me now! Ha ha!). {Get 'em with the bop gun. I'm a' blast with the bop gun. heh heh. On yo ass with the with the bop gun. I'm talkin' trash with the bop gun. yeah. And it don't stop. And it won't stop}. Here's my chance to dance my wayyy, Out of my constriction. (Yeahhh, feel the shit now!). {Oh shit}. hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there! <Party over here fuck you over there!>. Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there! <Party over here fuck you over there!> {Oh yeah}. Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there! <Party over here fuck you over there!>. Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there! <Party over here fuck you over there, nigga!>. Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there! <Party over here fuck you over there!>. Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there! <Party over here fuck you over there!>. (Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for. Feet don't fail me now). (That's right!). (Do you promise the funk. Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for. Ooo, feet don't fail me now. Can I get it on my good foot, good gawd. 'Bout time I got down one time). (Can I get down one time). (Ice Cube). Do not attempt to adjust your radio. There ain't nothin' wrong, so hit the bong. Waitin' on the double dutch bus for a ride. As the buffalo bitch go round the outside. Put a glide in your stride and a dip in your hip. Got Daytons on the mothership. And you can ring my bell if you need me to pass. The dutchie on the left hand side for the sale. Cuz nobody knows where the nose goes when the doors close. Dog chow got the hoes. Lookin' for the theme from the Black Hole. Now I'll big bang you with my black pole. Flashlight, red light, we don't like cops on the bike. Just made bail, tonight. So whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail? I'm gonna have some fun with the bop gun. (Ready or not, here we come. Getting down on the one which we believe in). (One nation under a groove. (Here is my chance to dance my wayyy). Gettin down just for the funk of it (One Nationnnn). One nation and we're on the move. (Get it on my good foot, good gawd). Nothin can stop us now). (Ha ha ha ha ha haeeee). (One nation under a groove. Gettin down just for the funk of it. One nation and we're on the move. Nothin can stop us now). (Now I want everybody to put together this time. hit me!). (One nation under a groove. (Can I get it on my good foot). Gettin down just for the funk of it. (Bout time I got down one time). One nation and we're on the move. Nothin can stop us now). (Uh huh, uh huh, one nation). (One nation under a groove. (Can I get it on my good foot). Gettin down just for the funk of it. (Bout time I got down one time). One nation and we're on the move. Nothin can stop us now). (One nation under a groove (Ooh yeah). Gettin down just for the funk of it (Ooh yeah). One nation and we're on the move. Nothin can stop us now). (Ha ha ha ha ha haeeee). (One nation under a groove. Gettin down just for the funk of it. (Bout time I got down one time). One nation and we're on the move. Nothin can stop us nowwwwww.).