. When it comes to sex, I'm similar to the Thrilla in Manila. Honeys call me, "Bigga the Condom Filler". Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick, Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit. Now check this shit, I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder. You know the epilogue by James Todd. Smith, I get swift with the lyrical gift. Hit you with a dick, make your kidney shift. Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino. I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow. So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans. I wear thirteens, know what I mean? I'll fuck around and hit you with the Hennessy dick. Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit. The next batter, here to shatter your bladder. It doesn't matter, skinny or fat or light-skinned or black. Baby, I drop these Boricua mamis screaming, "Ay papi". I love it when they call me Big Poppa. I only smoke blunts if they rolled proper. Look, I gotcha caught up with the drunk flow. Fuck tae kwon do, I tote a.44. For niggas getting mad 'cause they bitch chose me. A big black motherfucker with G. You see, all I do is separate the game from the truth. Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia. Getting physical like Olivia Newt. Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia. So give me a ho, a bankroll and a bag of weed. I'm guaranteed to fuck her till her nose bleed. Even if your new man's a certified mack. You'll get that H-Town in ya, you want that old thing back. Oh Biggie, give me one more chance. (I got that good dick, girl, you didn’t know?). Oh Biggie, give me one more chance. (I got that good dick, girl, you didn’t know?). Oh Biggie, give me one more chance. (I got that good dick, girl, you didn’t know?). Oh Biggie, give me one more chance. Is my mind playing tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick? Willie D, having nightmares of girls killing me. She mad because what we had didn't last. I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass. Fuck the past, let's dwell on the 500SL, the E&J and ginger ale. The way my pockets swell to the rims with benjamins. Another honey's in the crib? Please, send her in. I fuck non-stop, lick my lips a lot. Used to lick the clits a lot, but licking clits had to stop. 'Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below, peep the funk flow. Really, though, I got the cleanest, meanest penis. You never seen this stroke of genius. So take off your Tim boots and your body suit. I mean the spandex and hit my man next. Sex get rougher when it come to the nut buster. Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker. I don't chase 'em, I replace 'em. And if I'm caressing 'em I'm undressing 'em. Fuck what you heard, who's the best in New York. Fulfilling fantasies without that nigga Mr. Roarke. Or Tattoo, I got you wrapped around my dick. And when I nut I got to split, shit. Backshots is my position, I got you wishing. For an intermission, fuck the kissin'. Lick you down to your belly button, I ain't frontin'. They don't call me big for nothin', all of a sudden. Oh Biggie, give me one more chance. Oh Biggie, give me one more chance. Oh Biggie, give me one more chance. Oh Biggie, give me one more chance.