Mr. Boombastic! What you want is some boombastic romantic fantastic lover. SSShaggy! Mr. Lover Lover - mmm. I'm Mr. Lover Lover - rrrr girl. Mr. Lover Lover - mmm. I'm Mr. Lover Lover. She call me Mr. Boombastic, say me fantastic. Touch me on me back, she says I'm Mr. Ro-Ro-. Mantic, call me fantastic, Touch me on me back, she says I'm Mr. Ro. Smooth. just like-a silk-a. Soft and cuddly, hug me up like a quilt. I'm a lyrical lover, no take me for no filth. With my sexual physique, ya know me well built. Oh me, oh my, well well, can't you tell? I'm just like a turtle crawling out of my shell. Gal, you captivate my body, put me under a spell. With your cus cus perfume I love your sweet smell. You are the only young girl who can ring my bell. And I can take rejection, so you tell me "go to hell". I'm Boombastic, say me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she says I'm Mr. Ro-Ro-. Mantic, call me fantastic, She touch me on my back, she says I'm Mr. Boom-Boom-Boom-Boom-. Boombastic, tell me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she call Mr. Ro-Ro-. Romantic, tell me fantastic, She touch me on my back, she says I'm Mr. Boom-Boom. Gee whizz, baby please! Let me take you to an island of the sweet cool breeze. You don't feel like drive, well, baby hand me the keys. And I will take you to a place, and set your mind at ease. Don't you tickle my foot bottom, (ha ha) baby please. Don't you play with my nose, cuz I'ma (ha-chum) sneeze! (bless you). Well you a the bun and me a the cheese. And if me a the rice and baby love you a the peas. I'm Boombastic, say me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she says I'm Mr. Ro-Ro-. Romantic, tell me fantastic, She touch me on my back, she says I'm Mr. Boom-Boom-Boommmmm-. Bastic, tell me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she says Mr. Ro-oh-. Mantic, say me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she says I'm Mr. Boom-Boom. A me say give me your loving. gal, your loving well good! I want your loving, gal give it like you should. Give me your loving. girl, your loving well good. I want your loving, gal you remember the. Wooould like to kiss and caress? Rub down every strand of ya 'pon me chest. I'm Boombastic, rated as the best! The best you should get, nothing more, nothing less. Give me your digits, jot down your address. I'll bet you confess, when you put me to the test. That I'm Boombastic, say me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she says I'm Mr. Ro-Ro-. Romantic, tell me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she says I'm Mr. Boommmmm-. Bastic, tell me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she says Mr. Ro-oh-oh-. Mantic, tell me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she says I'm Mr. Boombastic, wha. Gal, your admiration, it a lick me from the start! With your physical attraction, gal you know to feel the spark! A man of few words, naw go tell you no sweet talk. Naw go laba laba laba and a chat pure part. I'll get straight to the point like a arrow or a dart. Come lay down in my jacuzzi, and get some bubble bath. Only sound you will here is the beating of my heart. And we will mmm mmm and have some sweet pillow talk. I'm Boombastic, tell me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she says I'm Mr. Rooah-. Mantic, say me fantastic, She tickle of my back, she says I'm Mr. Boom-Boom-. Bastic, tell me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she says Mr. Rooaah-. Mantic, say me fantastic, Touch me on my back, she says I'm Mr. Boom. Well ya say girl, smooth.