Verse One: Andre. One for the money yes uhh two for the show. A couple of years ago on Headland and Delowe. Was the start of somethin good. Where me and my nigga rodes the MARTA, through the hood. Just tryin ta find that hookup. Now everyday we look up at the ceiling. Watchin ceiling fans go around tryin ta catch that feelin. We caught the 86 Lithonia headed to Decatur. Writing rhymes tryin ta find our spot off in that light. Light off in that spot, known that we could rock. Doin the hole in the wall clubs, this shit here must stop. Like freeze, we makin the crowd move but we not makin no G's. And that's a no no. Verse Two: Big Boi. Yeah, uhh, check it. Ahh one two, ahh one two doe, niggaz. in the Cadillac they call us went from Player's Ball to ballers. Puttin the South up on the map was like Little Rock to bangin. Niggaz say motherfuck that playin, they payin. We stay in layin vo-cals, locals done made it with them big boys. up in dis industry, Outkast yea dem niggaz they makin big noise. Over a million sold to this day, niggaz they take it lightly. Ninety-six gon be that year that all y'all playa haters can bite me.around this bitch. Chorus: repeat 2X. Me and you, your momma and your cousin too. Rollin down the strip on vogues. Comin up slammin Cadillac doz (doors). Verse Three: Big Boi. Back in the day when I was younger, hunger. Lookin to fill me belly with that Rally's, bullshit, pull shit. off like it was supposed to be pulled. Full as a tick I was, stoned like white boys. Smokin them white golds before them blunts got krunk, chunky asses. passes gettin thrown like Hail Mary's and they lookin like Halle Berry. So so fine, intertwined, but we ain't sippin wine. We's just chillin, I'm the rabid villain, and I'm so high. Smokin freely, me Lil B, Greet, Mon and Shug. And my little brother James, thangs changed in the hood. where I live at, them rats know, mama I want to sing but. Mama I want to trick, and mama I'm suckin dick, now. We movin on up in da world like elevators. Me and the crew we pimps like eighty-two. Me and you like Tony Toni Tone. Like this Eastpointe and we gone. Chorus. Verse Four: Andre. Got stopped at the mall the other day. Heard a call from the other way. that I just came from, some nigga was sayin somethin. talkin bout "Hey man, you remember me from school?" smoke some. Naw not really but he kept smilin like a clown. facial expression lookin silly. And he kept askin me, what kind of car you drive, I know you paid. I know y'all got beaucoup of hoes from all them songs that y'all done made. And I replied that I had been goin through tha same thing that he had. True I got more fans than the average man but not enough loot to last me. to the end of the week, I live by the beat like you live check to check. If you don't move yo' feet then I don't eat, so we like neck to neck. Yes we done come a long way like them slim ass cigarettes. from Virginia, this ain't gon stop so we just gonna continue. Chorus.