(Woo woo, woo woo, woo woo, woo woo). Come on, ride the train, hey, ride it (woo woo). Come on, ride the train, hey, ride it (woo woo). Come on, ride the train, (woo woo). Hey, ride it (woo woo). Come on, ride the train (woo woo). Hey, ride it, (woo woo). Come on, ride the train. It's the choo choo, ride it (woo woo). Come on, ride the train, it's the choo choo train. Come on, ride the train. It's the choo choo, ride it (woo woo). Come on, ride the train, it's the choo choo train. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. I think I can, I think I can. I think I can, I think I can. Way deep down south, well we play this game. It's them Quad City DJs and, yo, We call it the train. So if you wanna ride your thing. Just come on down the train. We gonna rock, ooh, Lord, just jump aboard, baby. So get your next of kin, your sister and your friend. Pack it up now, choo choo, ride on this, choo choo. And, boo, you need to stop faking, and come on with me. I wanna take you home with me, to be alone with me. And I can see you wanna hide it, come on, just divide it. And please don't knock it, until you ride it. So to all of you girls, you know, I'm calling your name. Michelle, Tamika and Tanya. Wanna ride this train, ride out now. (Woo woo, woo woo, woo woo). Come on, ride the train, hey, ride it (woo woo). Come on, ride the train, hey, ride it (woo woo). Come on, ride the train, (woo woo). Hey, ride it (woo woo). Come on, ride the train (woo woo). Hey, ride it, (woo woo). Come on, ride the train. It's the choo choo, ride it (woo woo). Come on, ride the train, it's the choo choo train. Come on, ride the train. It's the choo choo, ride it (woo woo). Come on, ride the train, it's the choo choo train. If you feel like dancing, well come on, it's up to you. We got the sound to keep you getting down, down. The train is coming through. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. I think I can, I think I can. I think I can, I think I can. I can smell them tranquil breezes from a mile away. Graduated from Boone up to Alize. Baby, you looking tough to death. Got your weave done right, it's on so tight. Now it's on tonight, yeah, yeah. Right about now it's about that time for me to holler. Girl, I wanna waller in the back of my Impala. Woo, don't need no tickets for this thing. Just jump on in, let me hit them switches on the train. And it ain't no thing, it's all the same. Get on the train tracks. Here we go, so get on the floor. And put a hump in your back. So pack your bags, come on, get ready, say what? We're coming through your town. Move your arm up and down. And make that choo choo sound, like this. Ride that choo choo, woo woo. Come on it's the choo choo, woo woo. Come on it's the choo choo train. If you feel like dancing, well come on, it's up to you. We got the sound to keep you getting down, down. The train is coming through. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. I think I can, I think I can. I think I can, I think I can. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. I think I can, I think I can. I think I can, I think I can.