This is some of the lingua franca of the funk business, And people come from miles around. With an almost religious devotion. To get on down. 1, 2, 3, 4, get your woman on the floor. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. What up everybody so glad you're here. It's Coolio wit' the flow back in your ear. This ain't a fantastic voyage but I'm still on a mission. To see if I can get your attention. Now I wants to drop some information. Just a little additive to your education. I live my life by the code of the funk. 600 watt amps, 18's in the trunk. When I'm on the street, you gotta feel my beat, so. Throw your hands up if you're down with the C. Double O, L, I, O with the flow. I'm lookin' for the party, so let a nigga know. 1, 2, 3, it's like A-B-C. If hip hop didn't pay, I'd rap for free. Slide, slide, but that's the past. I got sumpin' brand new for that ass. 1, 2, 3, 4, get your woman on the floor. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. 1, 2, 3, 4, get your woman on the floor. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. If you got beef, then nigga eat a porkchop. Once I get it goin', you know it don't stop. I brake like antilocks, panties drop,. From hood to hood, block to block. Help, I need somebody. To get it goin' on in this party. Baby you can do it, take your time do it right,. We can drink some yak and do it all damn night. My name ain't Wonder, but I'll rock your world. Get more bounce than a Jheri curl. Too many looky loos be lookin' for clues. There's a party goin' on, now whatcha gonna do, so. Grab your partner, do-si-do,. If you don't know who it is, it's Coolio,. Slide, slide, but that's the past,. I got sumpin' brand new for that ass. 1, 2, 3, 4, get your woman on the floor. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. 1, 2, 3, 4, get your woman on the floor. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. Push, push, in the bush. But don't step on no toes 'cause you might get smushed. It's the brother from around the way. And what I say I been comin' on three like Dr. Dre. Comin' at 'em with a pattern an' a fresh pair of atoms. I hope you don't trip 'cause I don't want to have to get 'em. So move your body baby, drive the homeys crazy, The way you shake that ass, it always amaze me. Ain't no party like a west coast party. 'cause a west coast party don't stop. So when you see a young nigga. In a Chevy hittin' switches, then you gotta give a nigga his props. I got size in my rise and the motion for your ocean. Coolio got the potion to kick the party open. Slide, slide, but that's the past. I got sumpin' brand new for that ass. 1, 2, 3, 4, get your woman on the floor. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. 1, 2, 3, 4, get your woman on the floor. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. 1, 2, 3, 4, get your woman on the floor. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. 1, 2, 3, 4, get your woman on the floor. Gotta Gotta get up to get down. Gotta Gotta get up to get down.