Uh, uh, uh, c'mon. Hah, sicka than your average Poppa. Twist cabbage off instinct niggaz don't think shit stink. Pink gators, my Detroit players. Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn. Dead right, if they head right, Biggie there every night. Poppa been smooth since days of Underoos. Never lose, never choose to bruise crews who. Do something to us, talk go through us. Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us. Who us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff. Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch. Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M3. Bang every MC easily, busily. Recently niggaz frontin' ain't sayin' nuttin'. So I just speak my piece,. keep my peace. Cubans with the Jesus piece. , with my peeps. Packin', askin' who want it. You got it, nigga flaunt it. That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it. Biggie Biggie Biggie, can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. I guess that's why they broke and you're so paid. Biggie Biggie Biggie,. can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. I guess that's why they broke and you're so paid. I put hoes in NY onto DKNY. Miami, D.C. prefer Versace. All Philly hoes, dough and Moschino. Every cutie wit a booty bought a Coogi. Now who's the real dookie, meanin' who's really the shit. Them niggaz ride dicks, Frank White push the sticks. On the Lexus, LX, four and a half. Bulletproof glass tints if I want some ass. Gon' blast squeeze first ask questions last. That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass. At last, a nigga rappin' 'bout blunts and broads. Tits and bras, ménage à trois, sex in expensive cars. I still leave you on the pavement. Condo paid for, no car payment. At my arraignment, note for the plantiff. Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement. Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy. Richer than Richie, till you niggaz come and get me. Biggie Biggie Biggie, can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. I guess that's why they broke and you're so paid. Biggie Biggie Biggie, can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. I guess that's why they broke and you're so paid. I can fill ya wit real millionaire shit. Escargot, my car go, one sixty, swiftly. Wreck it buy a new one. Your crew run run run, your crew run run. I know you sick of this, name brand nigga with. Flows, girls say he's sweet like licorice. So get with this nigga, it's easy. Girlfriend here's a pen, call me round ten. Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian. Come up to your job, hit you while you workin. For certain, Poppa freakin', not speakin'. Leave that ass leakin', like rapper demo. Tell them hoe, take they clothes off slowly. Hit 'em wit the force like Obi, dick black like Toby. Watch me roam like Gobe, lucky they don't owe me. Where the safe show me, homey. Biggie Biggie Biggie, can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. I guess that's why they broke and you're so paid. Biggie Biggie Biggie,. , can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. I guess that's why they broke and you're so paid. Biggie Biggie Biggie, can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. I guess that's why they broke and you're so paid. Biggie Biggie Biggie,. , can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. I guess that's why they broke and you're so paid. Biggie Biggie Biggie, can't you see. Sometimes your words just hypnotize me. And I just love your flashy ways. I guess that's why they broke and you're so paid.