Bad Boy. we ain't gon' stop. Now with Sean on the hot track, melt like it's hot wax. Put it out, all the stores, bet you could shop that. Leave a nigga with a hot hat. Fronting like Bad Boy ain't got tracks. There's no guy slicker than this young fly nigga. Nickel-nine nigga, floss you die quicker. This fed time outta town pie flipper. Turn Cristal into a Crooked I sipper. Everbody want to be fast, see the cash. Fuck around they weak staff, get a heat rash. Anything in Bad Boy way we smash. Hundred G stash, push a bulletproof E-Class. I'm through with bein' a player and a baller. Just want me one bad bitch so I can spoil her. Ma$e wanna be the one you respect, even when you're vexed. Rock Versace silks over spilled v-neck. Got green never seen so you suck my jewels. Clutch my uz', anything I touch I bruise. Puff make his own laws, nigga fuck your rules. Goodfellas, you know you can't touch us dudes. Don't push us, 'cause we're close to the edge. We're tryin, not to lose our heads, a-hah hah hah hah. Broken glass everywhere. If it ain't about the money, Puff, I just don't care. I'm that Goodfella fly guy, sometimes wiseguys. Spend time in H-A-W-A-I-I. Puff why try? I'm a thug, I'mma die high. I be out in Jersey, puffin' Hershey. Brothers ain't worthy to rock my derby. Though I'm never drugged, I'm the venom in the club, G. Though I know the thug be wantin' to slug me. Could it be I move as smoove as Bugsy?. Or be at the bar with too much bubbly?. Yo, I think it must be the girls want to lust me. Or is it simply the girls just love me. Brothers wanna rock the Rolls, rock my clothes. Rock my ice, pull out Glocks, stop my life. I'm like, "Damn, how these niggaz got they trust? Used to be my man, how you gonna plot on my wife?". Do you think you snake me, 'cause they hate me? Or he got his Ph.D Player Hater's Degree?. Can't nobody take my pride. Uh-uh, uh-uh. Can't nobody hold me down, ohh no. I got to keep on movin'. Quit that!. You a big cat?. Where your chicks at?. Where your whips at?. Wherever you get stacks, I'mma fix that. Everything that's big dreams, I did that. Don't knock me 'cause you're boring. I'm record sales soaring, straight touring. Simply a lot of men be wantin to hear me. 'Cause their words just don't offend me. We spend cheese in the West Indies. Then come home to plenty cream Bentleys. You name it, I could claim it. Young, black and famous with money hangin' out the anus. And when you need a hit, who you go and get?. Bet against us?. We make hits that'll rearrange your whole set. And got a Benz that I ain't even drove yet. Don't push us, cause we're close to the, edge. We're tryin, not to, lose our heads, a-hah-hah-hah-hah. I get the feeling sometime, that make me wonder. Why you wanna take us under. Why you wanna take us under. I get the feeling sometime, that make me wonder. Why you wanna take us under. Why you wanna take us under. Can't nobody take my pride. Uh-uh, uh-uh. Can't nobody hold me down, ohh no. I got to keep on movin'. Can't nobody take my pride. Uh-uh, uh-uh. Can't nobody hold me down, ohh no. I got to keep on movin'. Can't nobody take my pride. Uh-uh, uh-uh. Can't nobody hold me down, ohh no. I got to keep on movin'. Can't nobody take my pride.