Uh ah uh uuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhhhhhhhahaha. Check it out. Flipmode squad '98. Raw deluxe. Check it out y'all. I be the street shit, the nigga your mama freak with. Put y'all niggas on it y'all know how to keep a secret. When I get money you know I like to keep it. How I get money niggas you try to peep it. Flipmode be niggas you wanna form a team with. Them get money niggas the ones to plot the scheme with. Them niggas that be used to getting money frequent. The ones that would always measure my triple beam with. Until they start taking my niggas to the precinct. That's all back in the day yo that ain't nothing recent. 'Cause now-a-days it be bitches we like to speak with. Eat with, lay them down and sleep with. Type of pussy make a nigga wanna keep it. Shorty be so exotic she looking decent. Lot of corny niggas be offering wack free shit. I can't hold the heat no more yo I gotta release it. What ya'll wanna do. Don't you know we always coming through, me and my crew. Let me hear you say fire it up (fire it up). Say fire it up (fire it up). To all my dogs that's straight blunted. Run around in the 500 all day. Let me hear you say fire it up (fire it up). Say fire it up (fire it up). C'MON! Now, everytime that I meet a nigga who fronting. It's aight 'cause you getting money and everybody want it. Smoke a big sliff, get myself for a blunted. Fall on the floor and I gotta call my S500. Iceburg 5 where you at - 'No need for alarm. Right now I'm cruising to the sounds of my enhanced cd-rom'. Hurry up 5 Ayyo you know it's about to get thick. I see this cat a way behind my back about to do a stick. 'Tell me where you at I will be there in 10 seconds flat. You know I got your back I'll be there just in time to counteract'. Sometimes I'm unforget cooth My S5 bulletproof. I turbo boost And blast right through your motherf**king roof. Coming through Hitting you Knocking out a nigga's tooth. Full speed ahead like we running a toll booth. Produce more flavor than Very Fine juice. Call a truce Before me and my niggas'll let loose. All my ladies in the place to be. Getting money while they next to me, let me see. Let me hear you say fire it up (fire it up). Say fire it up (fire it up). All my people just wave your hand. Getting money all across the land, one time. Let me hear you say fire it up (fire it up). Say fire it up (fire it up). C'MON! Bleach the heat You're letting loose to the extreme. Me and the Iceburg S5 bounce from the scene. Recline my seat rock to the beat. Leaning so hard, it's like my whole squad up in the Jeep. Blowing up the spot or we hit them know what I mean. Got you open we keeping you niggas up like caffine. Flying ghetto team. Seeing everything on my little computer screen from here to Phillipine. Keep it moving we never run out of gasoline. Gas me you ossen a nigga with kerosine. Me and my 5 be running some mission you've never seen. Hot shit making you niggas forever feen. Anyone of you coming, you better come clean. Hit you with an overdose of more rhyme Amphetamine. Got your eye blood shot you need Physine. Niggas is wyling I think you need to read the sireen. What ya'll wanna do. Don't you know we always coming through, me and my crew. Lemme hear you say fire it up (fire it up). Say fire it up (fire it up). To all my dogs that's straight blunted. Run around in the 500 all day. Lemme hear you say fire it up (fire it up). Say fire it up (fire it up). To all my ladies in the place to be. Getting money while they next to me, let me see. Lemme hear you say fire it up (fire it up). Say fire it up (fire it up). To all my people just wave your hand. Getting money all across the land, one time. Lemme hear you say fire it up (fire it up). Say fire it up (fire it up). C'MON!.