Do it (repeat 6X). No (repeat 3X). Verse One: Missy Elliott. I was lookin for affection, so I decided to go. Swing that up in my direction, I'll be outta control. Let's take it to perfection, let's see if you can. bring bring bring, the nasty out of me. Len Len Len uhh won't you sock it 2 me. Chorus: Missy Elliott. Sock it ooh ahh. Sock it 2 me like you want to ooh. I can take it like a pro you know. Move along pro with the backstroke. My hormones jumpin like a disco. I be poppin mess like some Crisco. All you gotta say is where Missy go. And when you say go I say move slow. Verse Two: Missy Elliott. I'm at your house around midnight, don't fall asleep. It'll just be me me me, on a late night creep. I'm gonna show you things, that you can't believe. Jump in this be-e-beat, won't you sock it 2 me. Chorus 3X. Verse Three: Da Brat. Why Missy be sockin it to niggaz like ReRe. The baddest industry bitches of the century. Hit hard, like penetentiary bars. Finnaly admitted that we the shit combination on the see-through. Poppin patron with Missy on the 600 with no see-through. Suffer the repercussion, fuckin with shit like this. We partay puffin constantly makin niggaz suffer the consequence. Gotta get that ass bitch. House in the Chi with a Candy in Atlanta with a Benz. Niggaz been huffin and puffin but ain't try shit. Got cream motherfuckers steady ride quick besides kids wanna bust. But you shouldn't forget ends when you fuckin with me. You jealous cause I live more flushed. Me and Missy been livin with the (unknown). Harrass bein ruckest plus (unknown). When I'm sellin, never gonna stop it. Sockin it 2 niggaz, droppin em on the spot. Get up in the block around the shop, knockin you off of yo socks. Guaranteed platinum, watch two of the coldest bitches get hot. I be the B-R-A-T, her be Missy. We be the bad bitches who be fuckin it up. I be the B-R-A-T, her be Missy. We be the bad bitches who be fuckin it up. I'm yo' nigga for life ba-by. Listen to ya we drive all these motherfuckers crazy. You know what I'm sayin, yeah Timbaland. I see you baby, I feel you. Sock it 2 em goddamnit. It's 9-7, this the motherfuckin bitch era. What y'all niggaz wanna do. The rat-tat-tat on that ass once more. I'm out the door motherfucker, yeah.