. Damn man, look up at the sky. All the stars man, the stars is beautiful tonight. Look at em!. Ghetto supastar (supastar.), that is what you are (what you are.). Comin from afar (from afar.), reachin for the stars (reachin' for the stars.). Run away with me, to another place. We can rely on each other, uh-huh (yeah). From one corner, to another, uh-huh. Uh, yeah, yo, yo. Some got, hopes and dreams, we got, ways and means. The surpreme dream team, always up with the schemes. From hubcaps to sellin raps, name your theme. My rise to the top, floatin on this cream. Who the hell wanna stop me, I hated those who doubt me. A million ReFugees with unlimited warranties. Black Ceasar, dating top divas. Diplomatic legalese, no time for a Visa. They just begun, I'ma shoot them one by one. Got five sides to me, somethin like a pentagon. Strike with the forces of King Solomon. Lettin bygones be bygones, and so on, and so on. I'ma teach this cat, how to live in the ghetto. Keepin it retro-spective from the get go. Lay low, let my mind shine like a halo. P-P-Politic with ghetto senators on the D-low. Ghetto supastar (supastar.), that is what you are (what you are.). Comin from afar (from afar.), reachin for the stars (reachin' for the stars.). Run away with me, to another place. We can rely on each other, uh-huh (yeah). From one corner, to another, uh-huh. One two, and you don't stop, yo. My eyes are sore, bein a senator. Behind closed doors hittin truth to the seafloor. The rich donors ignore, the tug of war. While the kids are poor, open new and better drug stores. So I became hardcore, couldn't take it no more. I'ma reveal EVERYTHING, change the law. I find myself, walkin the streets. Tryin to find what's really goin on in the streets. Yea, yo, yo, yo. Now every dog got his day, needless to say. When the chief away that's when them cats want to play. I told you, dance around you fools like Cassius Clay. Stretch my heater make you do a pas de bourree. Kick your balls like Pele, pick em doin ballet. Peak like Dante, broader than Broadway. Get applause like a matador, cry yellin !Ole! Who the hell wanna save me, from B.K. to Cali. Come on. Ghetto supastar (supastar.), that is what you are (what you are.). Comin from afar (from afar.), reachin for the stars (reachin' for the stars.). Run away with me, to another place. We can rely on each other, uh-huh (yeah). From one corner, to another, uh-huh. Yeah. yo, yeah. Just when you thought it was safe in a common place. Showcase your finest, lose all bets in a horse race. Two faced, gettin defaced, out like Scarface. Throw your roll money, let me put on my screwface. Well I'm paranoid at the things I said. Wonderin what's the penalty from day to day, I'm hangin out. partyin with girls that never die, the C.O.'s. pickin on the small fries, my campaign tellin lies. I was just spreadin my love, didn't know my love. was the one holdin the gun and the glove. But it's all good as long as it's understood. It's all together now, in the hooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood. Ghetto supastar (supastar.), that is what you are (what you are.). Comin from afar (from afar.), reachin for the stars (reachin' for the stars.). Run away with me, to another place. We can rely on each other, uh-huh (yeah). From one corner, to another, uh-huh. Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh. Yeah. All Stars, yeah yeah yeah. Ghetto supastar (supastar.), that is what you are (what you are.). Comin from afar (from afar.), reachin for the stars (reachin' for the stars.). Run away with me, to another place. We can rely on each other, uh-huh (yeah). From one corner, to another, uh-huh. Sing it baby, sing it babyeeeeeeeeee. To another, aheoehahahahhhhhhhhh. Yeahhhh, heeeee, ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh.