Ladies, leave your man at home. The club is full of ballers and they're pockets full grown. And all you fellas, leave your girl with her friends. 'Cause it's 11:30 and the club is jumpin', jumpin'. Oh, he sayin' he got a girl. Yes, it's true you got a man. But the party ain't gon' stop. So let's make it hot, hot. Last week and you stayed at home alone and lonely. Couldn't find your man – he was chilling with his homies. This weekend you're going out. If he try to stop you, you're going off. You got your hair done and your nails done, too. With your outfit and you're fitting the shoes. Who parlaying at the hottest spot tonight. You're gonna find the fellas rollin' in the Lexus, trucks, and Hummers. Oh, he sayin' he got a girl. Yes, it's true you got a man. But the party ain't gon' stop. So let's make it hot, hot. All you ladies, leave your man at home. The club is full of ballers and they're pockets full grown. And all you fellas, leave your girl with her friends. 'Cause it's 11:30 and the club is jumpin', jumpin'. Ladies, leave your man at home. The club is full of ballers and they're pockets full grown. And all you fellas, leave your girl with her friends. 'Cause it's 11:30 and the club is jumpin', jumpin'. Oh, he sayin' he got a girl. Yes, it's true you got a man. But the party ain't gon' stop. So let's make it hot, hot. Call your boys 'cause tonight you're not gon' stay at home. So tell your girl she ain't coming. Tonight you're going solo. Cut her off 'cause she talks some noise. You know you've got the right to get your party on. So get your hair cut and your car washed, too. Looking like a star in your Armani suit. You need to look your best cause you're turning heads tonight. You're gonna find a sexy chica that's gon' dance all night if you wanna. Oh, he sayin' he got a girl. Yes, it's true you got a man. But the party ain't gon' stop. So let's make it hot, hot. All you ladies, leave your man at home. The club is full of ballers and they're pockets full grown. And all you fellas, leave your girl with her friends. 'Cause it's 11:30 and the club is jumpin', jumpin'. Ladies, leave your man at home. The club is full of ballers and they're pockets full grown. And all you fellas, leave your girl with her friends. 'Cause it's 11:30 and the club is jumpin', jumpin'. Sexy women, do your dance. Fly ladies, work your man. All them fellas, time to clown. We can get down now. Bounce, baby. Bounce, b-bounce, b-bounce. Twerk it, twerk it. Shake, baby. Shake, sha-shake, sha-shake. Work it, work it. Twist, baby. Twist, twist. You better dip that thang. One more time for these ladies. Bounce, baby. Bounce, b-bounce, b-bounce. Twerk it, twerk it. Shake, baby. Shake, sha-shake, sha-shake. Work it, work it. Twist, baby. Twist, twist. You better dip that thang. Bounce it up and down for these ladies. Sexy women, do your dance. Fly ladies, work your man. All them fellas, time to clown. We can get down now. All you ladies, leave your man at home. The club is full of ballers and they're pockets full grown. And all you fellas, leave your girl with her friends. 'Cause it's 11:30 and the club is jumpin', jumpin'. Ladies, leave your man at home. The club is full of ballers and they're pockets full grown. And all you fellas, leave your girl with her friends. 'Cause it's 11:30 and the club is jumpin', jumpin'. All you ladies, leave your man at home. The club is full of ballers and they're pockets full grown. And all you fellas, leave your girl with her friends. 'Cause it's 11:30 and the club is jumpin', jumpin'. Ladies, leave your man at home. The club is full of ballers and they're pockets full grown. And all you fellas, leave your girl with her friends. 'Cause it's 11:30 and the club is jumpin', jumpin'. "I ain't thinking about my man tonight". "Uh huh. I ain't worried about my girl. Iight". All you ladies, leave your man at home. The club is full of ballers and they're pockets full grown. And all you fellas, leave your girl with her friends. 'Cause it's 11:30 and the club is jumpin', jumpin'. Ladies, leave your man at home. The club is full of ballers and they're pockets full grown. And all you fellas, leave your girl with her friends. 'Cause it's 11:30 and the club is jumpin', jumpin'. Thou shall say my name.