Lucy Liu, with my girl. Drew. Cameron D. And Destiny. Charlie's Angels, come on. Question: Tell me what you think about me. I buy my own diamonds and I buy my own rings. Only ring your cell-y when I'm feelin' lonely. When it's all over, please get up and leave. Question: Tell me how you feel about this. Try to control me boy, you get dismissed. Pay my own fun and I pay my own bills. Always fifty-fifty in relationships. The shoes on my feet. The clothes I'm wearing. The rock I'm rockin'. 'Cause I depend on me, if I want it. The watch I'm wearin'. The house I live in. The car I'm driving. I depend on me. All the women who're independent. All the honeys who makin' money. All the mamas who profit dollars. All the ladies who truly feel me. Girl, I didn't know you could get down like that. Charlie, how your Angels get down like that? Girl, I didn't know you could get down like that. Charlie, how your Angels get down like that? Tell me how you feel about this. Do what I want, live how I wanna live. I worked hard and sacrificed to get what I get. Ladies, it ain't easy bein' independent. Question: How'd you like this knowledge that I brought? Braggin' on that cash that he gave you is a front. If you're gonna brag make sure it's your money you flaunt. Depend on no one else to give you what you want. The shoes on my feet. The clothes I'm wearing. The rock I'm rockin'. 'Cause I depend on me if I want it. The watch I'm wearin'. The house I live in. The car I'm driving. I depend on me. All the women who are independent. All the honeys who makin' money. All the mamas who profit dollars. All the ladies who truly feel me. Girl, I didn't know you could get down like that. Charlie, how your Angels get down like that? Girl, I didn't know you could get down like that. Charlie, how your Angels get down like that. Destiny's Child. You in the house?. We'll break these people off Angel style. Child of Destiny. Independent beauty. No one else takes care of me. Charlie's Angels. Whoa all the women who are independent. All the honeys who makin' money. All the mamas who profit dollars. All the ladies who truly feel me. Girl, I didn't know you could get down like that. Charlie, how your Angels get down like that? Girl, I didn't know you could get down like that. Charlie, how your Angels get down like that? Girl, I didn't know you could get down like that. Charlie, how your Angels get down like that? Girl, I didn't know you could get down like that.