(feat. Fabulous). I guess I ain't got no reason to mingle round. I found a superwoman that can leap from the truck in a single bound. Mammie, I'm tryna bling you down. So niggas without shades on can't stare when I bring you round. She put her lips on the weed and pull it. Then work her tongue and me cum faster than a speeding bullet. Her love's stronger than a locomotive. But only for the f-a-b-o-l-o-u-s. sing to me ma. Baby they can't play you. cause I'll save you. with my super powers. Boy I'm only human. but I'll be your super woman. They don't know any girls like me no no. Take a girl like me to get a guy like you to understand. How girls and guys sing. I'm not your average chic. Cause they can't do it like this. I've been sent to save your day. And things won't be the same. Baby they can't play you. cause I'll save you. with my super powers. Boy I'm only human. but I'll be your super woman. Boy I told you once before. You ain't gotta look up in the sky. Cause the girl you need is right before your eyes. Your so sick of all these broads. Ain't got nothing to stand for. Cause with me you won't fall off no baby ooh. Baby they can't play you. cause I'll save you. with my super powers. Boy I'm only human. but I'll be your super woman. Everyday, Everyday. I'll love you in a special way. They can't stay. Now that I'm here, I'm here. It's superwoman bout to save my day. Them co's I hooked and gave some play. Now I wouldn't even wave their way. I understand why them other chics behave that way. They see the icy S on your chest engraved in grey. Be hipped I might. You usually get my tips I'm tight. The only green I keep from you in kryptonite. When that blowing red suit hits your hips so right. It's like de de de de, de de de de de de damn. It's like I'm under your spell. If feelin you is a crime. They gon have to put me under the jail. You probably hear the details that I be in everything. From lairs to CL's to my share of the females but. You know I care for you (care for me). And anytime this nigga's there for you (there for me). These feelings I only share for you. This makes it a lil mo clear for you that. Baby they can't play you. cause I'll save you. with my super powers. Boy I'm only human. but I'll be your super woman.