oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally. He really really really fucked my coochie. He really really really turned me out. He really really really got to gut me. He really really made me scream and shout. He really taught me how to work my body. He really taught me how to do it with my mouth. He really really tried to hurt me hurt me. I really love his thug and gangsta style. Yeah what up ma, take a look, you hypnotized. on how my long dick stretch your insides. for real ma, with your thick lips and thick thighs. stroke both holes, pass it to Nas. or pass it to Naish, or pass it to Jung. or pass it to Horse, then that ass gettin' tossed. fuck a Hustler book, Penthouse or Blacktale. I got bitches sendin my niggas flicks in jail. I fuck a bitch face more than her waist for real. and ain't no pussy like new pussy that's how a nigga feel. bust three times throw her the peace sign. she sleep then my dick sleek and I aint gotta' call her for weeks. Long leg hoes, mo'head hoes, married bitches. Me and my dog - fuckin them both they got us switchin'. Is the nigga gangsta? Yeah, that's how I'm livin'. That's how I'm playin' - I got these freak fuckin' hoes singin'. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally. He really really really fucked my coochie. He really really really turned me out. He really really really got to gut me. He really really made me scream and shout. Little young thing go around my dick with your tongue ring. Deep throat my nine inch, gut from the front and. grind from the side and, fuck from behind and. Grab her hair slap her ass, she screamin' like she dyin'. Make her come four times without even tryin'. I'll beat that pussy up there's no denyin'. Hit her where she doodie at, make that booty fat. Little cutie rat, walking by with the doobie wrap. Tight blue jeans, air max. Small Gucci bag. No loot and no job. Stay home giving blow jobs. Like no prob, it's simple. Holla out the window it's the project nympho. Fuck my whole crew, you know how we do. you got that good pussy I can share with my people. Be a brave girl, do your thang. Let them tities hang, I'll have all the bitches sayin'. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally. He really really really fucked my coochie. He really really really turned me out. He really really really got to gut me. He really really made me scream and shout. When it comes to sex I'm similar to the Thriller in Manilla. Bitches call me Horse the pussy filler. I'll fuck a big boned or slim chick. Beat that pussy up real quick then send home the bitch. Aint no sleepin' in my bedroom. When henny's in my dick. When Flex drop the bomb I bust a nut on this bitch. Deep throat, ceaser gold or pun wicked hoes. Who like the way i thug and the way i flow. I like head in the Benz, the four door or the Coupe. Head in the staircase, the cellar or the roof. Head in the studio, the bathroom or the booth. Head from a project chick or one with crazy loot. Like Nia Lomg in a cherry thong with the lights on. Sippin Perignon with Kelly Price on. I pull out my python, I hit it while my wife's gone. Long dick the bitch all night, I'll make her pussy sing the song. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally, oo-chie bang bang. oo-chie wally wally.