All the ladies if you feel me help me sing it out. [Verse 1]. I can't believe I believed everything we had would last. So young and naive of me to think she was from your past. Silly of me to dream of one day having your kids. Love is so blind it feels right when it's wrong. I can't believe I fell for your schemes I'm smarter than that. So dumb and naive to believe that with me you're a changed man. Foolish of me to compete when you cheat with loose women. It took me some time but now I moved on. Because I realized I got. [Chorus]. Me, Myself and I that's all I got in the end. That's what I found out. And there ain't no need to cry. I took a vow that from now on. I will be my own best friend. [Repeat Chorus]. So controlling to say that you love me but you don't. Your family told me one day I would see it on my own. Next thing I know I'm dealing with your three kids in my home. Love is so blind it feels right when it's wrong. Now that it's over stop calling me come pick up your clothes. Ain't no need to front like your still with me all your homies know. Even your very best friend try to warn me on the low. Took me some time but now I am strong. Because I realized I got. [Chorus]. [Repeat Chorus]. [Bridge]. Got me, myself and I. (I know that I will never disappoint myself). I must have cried a thousand times. (All the ladies if you feel me help me sing it out). I can't regret time spent with you. (Yeah you hurt me but I learned alot along the way). So I have vowed to make it through. (After all the rain you'll see the sun come out again). [Repeat Chorus]. Oh (oh) oh (oh) oh (oh) oh (oh). Oh (oh) oh (oh) oh (oh) woo woo (woo woo). Yeah. [Bridge]. Now I've got me, myself and I (I know that I will never disappoint myself). I must have cried a thousand times. (If ya cried a thousand times ladies you will survive). I can't regret time spent with you. (Yeah, ya hurt me but I learned a lot along the way). So I have vowed to make it through (After all the rain you'll see the sun come again).