Hey, hey whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you better) do it, (you better) do it. Whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (cuz I'ma) do it, (cuz I'ma) do it. Whatchu waitin' for? Do it, (you know we) do it, (you know we) do it. Let me hear ya say big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin' and little shit stoppin'. Ball on these niggas, bein' broke is not an option. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Now lemme hear you say. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Ball on these niggas being broke is not an option. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Now lemme hear you say. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Ball on these niggas being broke is not an option. Now do it to the maximum, take it while you askin' em. Don't listen to them suckers when they say you too irrational. See, I said I was "King" and them lames started laughin' and. Same suckers now want the King on a track with 'em. I composed several classicals, you know like "Top Back". "Dope Boy", "Bring 'Em Out", and "What You Know About That". Now they ask how I talk, what you know about that? Dominated '06, now I'm goin' right back. See me rain hell, I just showed you like that. Even Denzel say, "Damn, I ain't know it like that". Nigga yeah, still Bankhead, you can tell. Ain't nothin' changed but the name on the mail. I still kick in doors with them thangs in the air. Up in Benihana's, see me slangin the chair. I will slang 'caine, no such thing as a jail. Say you need a hundred squares? It just came off the scale. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Now lemme hear you say. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Ball on these niggas being broke is not an option. Now do it like a ball player. Where you see me ball at. Stacks tall as ball players. From the stage to the air. Whether in Miami, Cincinnati, or the Riverdale. Arizona, California, make it rain anywhere. Pullin' out that pistol nigga, who you think you fin' to scare? Twenty rounds of missiles'll have you pissin' in your underwear. I tote about 40 cal so you better tone it down. Or I suggest you just prepare yourself for when it goin' down. A-Town, West Side, Club Krucial. Right up at the top where Big Kuntry, Dro, and Mack be. Jackers lie, say they caught me slippin', how could that be? I'm something like a stalker, I be e'rywhere the strap be. The trap be, jumpin' with them hundred dollar slabs. If I want it nigga, I could get a hundred on the tab. Sell 'em all, double down, nigga do the math. Think I won't pull up in something with 200 on the dash? Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Now lemme hear you say. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Ball on these niggas being broke is not an option. Now I do it like I wanna do it and do that shit in front of you. Real nigga vision pimpin', I ain't seein' none of you. I do it for my nigga Phil's daughter and his mama too. I do it for my oldest sons and their grandmama too. Do it for my daughters and my youngest son's mama who. Go buy what she want because she know it ain't a problem to. You do something to them and to you I'll bring the drama to. You do it for a day or so, we do it for a month or two. I do it for my partners, go make sure them niggas stuntin' too. We do it with them choppers, ain't no problem, where you runnin' to? I do it for the block, that why ain't nobody stoppin' me. I do it for my pop and my cousins too, they watchin' me. I did it nonstop, now see how these niggas copy me. I made it from the bottom to the top where I oughta be. Who do it did good and do it did fresh. No matter what I do you know I do it to death. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Do it, do it, do it whatchu waiting for. Now lemme hear you say. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Big shit poppin', and lil shit stoppin'. Ball on these niggas being broke is not an option.