Some live for the bill. Some kill for the bill,. She whine for the bill. Grind for the bill. And she used to be the sweetest girl. Some steal for the bill, if they got to pay the bill. And she used to be the sweetest girl. Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy on the bill. High school she was. That girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym. High School she was. That girl that make me do the hula hoop around the gym. Never thought that she would come and work for the president. Mr. George Washington. She thought, he'd call. She had a good day, bad day, sunny day, rainy day (rainy day.). All he'd wanna know is. Closed legs don't get fed, go out there and make my bread. All he'd wanna know is. She ended up in a roll call, bruised up, scarred heart. All he'd wanna know is. She thought, he'd call. So I'mma tell you like Wu told me. Cash rules everything around me. Singin', dollar dollar bill, y'all. Singin', dollar dollar bill, y'all. So I'mma tell you like Wu told me. Cash rules everything around me. Singin', dollar dollar bill, y'all. Singin', dollar dollar bill, y'all. Pimpin' got harder cos hoes got smarter. On the strip is something they don't wanna be a part of. Rather be up in the club shakin' for a dub. Get triple times the money and spending it like they wanna. They got they mind on the money, money on they mind. They got they finger on the trigger, hand on their nines. See every day they feel the struggle, but stand on the grind. And ain't nobody take it from us, and that's the bottom line. But I know there's a drop in the block. You move slow, you gettin' pressure from cops. You don't know, how not to lay low. 'cause 25 to life's no joke. To all my real gorillas thuggin'. On top of corners every day strugglin'. All the beautiful womens gettin' money. Washin' them dollar bills like laundry. See I'mma tell you like Wu told me. Cash rules everything around me. Singin' dollar, dollar bill, y'all. Singin' dollar, dollar bill, y'all. See I'mma tell you like Wu told me. Cash rules everything around me. Singin' dollar, dollar bill, y'all. Singin' dollar, dollar bill, y'all. Money, money-money-money. Money, money-money-money. It drive the world crazy. She used to be the sweetest girl. She used to be the sweetest girl ever. Ever, now she like Sour Amaretto. She wears a dress to the T like the letter. And if you make it rain she will be under the weather. She used to run track back in high school. Now she tricks on the track right by a school. She takes a loss 'cause she don't wanna see her child lose. So respect her or pay up for the time used. And then she runs to the pastor. And he tells her there will be a new chapter. But she feels no different after. And then she asks him. Where my money at? See I'mma tell you like Wu told me. Cash rules everything around me. Singin' dollar, dollar bill, yeah. Singin' dollar, dollar bill, yeah. See I'mma tell you like Wu told me. Cash rules everything around me. Singin' dollar, dollar bill, yeah. Singin' dollar, dollar bill, yeah. Some live for the bill. Some kill for the bill. She wind for the bill. Grind for the bil. Some steal for the bill if they got to pay the bill. (Where my money at?). Tonight Wyclef, Akon, Weezy on the bill. Where my money at?.