[Lil Wayne:]. Please don't turn me off. Yeah. Like this. Where you at shawty. [Keri Hilson:]. You fly as hell, swagga right, brown skin poppin. You know just how to talk to me. Know just how I like it. You turnin' me on, you turnin' me on, you turnin' me on. Now wait a minute little buster. You got one more time to feel on my booty. Better recognize a lady. That ain't the way you do me. You turnin' me off, you turnin' me off, you turnin' me off. Better recognize a real woman. (Aaahhh). You ever try to get that close to me. You better come correct how you 'proachin me. Dime divas give it to me. (Aaahhh). I gotta be feelin' your energy. I gotta be for sure that you're into me. Recognize a real woman. Goin up on it, you actin like you want it. And you stuntin like your daddy checkin for this little mama. You turnin me on, you turnin me on, you turnin me on. Now wait a minute little buster. Now you don't even know me but you wanna take me shopping. You a lame, I can tell it ain't big shit poppin. You turnin me off, you turnin me off, you turnin me off. Better recognize a real woman. All you wanna do is. Holla at the cutest. Broad to get up in them draws. Got money. Don't try to buy me. Bottles, got my own dollars. I could buy up the bar if I want it. (Aaahhh). You ever try to get that close to me. You better come correct how you 'proachin me Dime divas give it to me. (Aaahhh). I gotta be feelin your energy. I gotta be for sure that you're into me. Recognize a real woman. [Lil Wayne:]. Eh eh eh. I'm I'm fly as hell swagger right, brown skin poppin like dynamite. Raw like china white, mami I dig your persona right. You dat baby mama type. I know I got you kinda hype. My ices elbino white. And I hope that your vagina tight; I go underwater. And I hope your parana bite. Hot carter, I'm a kiss the spot for you. I'm a kiss it to you scream Wait a minute motherf**ker. Turn you on like a handle. Like the television on a weather channel. Cause I make it rain girl. Now call me wayne girl. You just been on earth but you never been to wayne's world. I play to win, and I bait em in. I just do my thing now you're in love with an alien. Polow on the beat and yeah, weezy f is on the plate again. Keri if you pitch it at me I'm a swing away at it. Someone better play the fence, someone better tell them bout me. Baby I'm the shit and that's the only thing you smell around me. Weezy f baby and don't forget the F around me. And if you do then get the F from round me, you're turnin me off yeah. Polow I told you I got you. Ms. Keri Baby [x2]. [Keri Hilson:]. (Aaahhh). You ever try to get that close to me. You better come correct how you 'proachin me. Dime divas give it to me. (Aaahhh). I gotta be feelin your energy. I gotta be for sure that you're into me. Recognize a real woman.