(Soulja Boy Tell Em). Baby, you know that I miss you. I wanna get with you tonight but I cannot baby girl. And that's the issue. Girl, you know I miss you. I just wanna kiss you. But I can't right now so baby kiss me through the phone. (Kiss me through the phone). I'll see you later on. Kiss me through the phone. (Kiss me through the phone). See you when I get home. Baby, I know that you like me. You my future wifey. Soulja Boy Tell Em yeah you could be my Bonnie. I could be your Clyde. You could be my wife. Text me, call me, I need you in my life, yeah. All that, everyday I need ya. And every time I see ya my feelings get deeper. I miss ya, I miss ya. I really wanna kiss you but I can't. Six seven eight triple nine eight two one two. Baby, you know that I miss you. I wanna get with you tonight but I cannot baby girl. And that's the issue. Girl, you know I miss you. I just wanna kiss you. But I can't right now so baby kiss me through the phone. (Kiss me through the phone). I'll see you later on. Kiss me through the phone. (Kiss me through the phone). See you when I get home. Baby, I been thinkin' lately. So much about you. Everythin' about you, I like it, I love it. Kissin' you in public. Thinkin' nothing of it. Roses by the dozen. Talkin' on the phone. Baby, you so sexy; your voice is so lovely. I love your complexion. I miss ya, I miss ya, I miss ya. I really wanna kiss you but I can't. Six seven eight triple nine eight two one two. Baby, you know that I miss you. I wanna get with you tonight but I cannot baby girl. And that's the issue. Girl, you know I miss you. I just wanna kiss you. But I can't right now so baby kiss me through the phone. (Kiss me through the phone). I'll see you later on. Kiss me through the phone. (Kiss me through the phone). See you when I get home. She call my phone like (Da-da, da-da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da). We on the phone like (Da-da, da-da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da). We taking pics like (Da-da, da-da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da). She dial my number like (Da-da, da-da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da-da, da-da-da-da). Six seven eight triple nine eight two one two. Baby, you know that I miss you. I wanna get with you tonight but I cannot baby girl. And that's the issue. Girl, you know I miss you. I just wanna kiss you. But I can't right now so baby kiss me through the phone. (Kiss me through the phone). I'll see you later on. Kiss me through the phone. (Kiss me through the phone). See you when I get home.