Aye! aye! Teach me how to dougie (aye!). They be like Smoove (what), can you teach me how to dougie? You know why? Cause all the bitches love me. All I need is a beat that's super bumpin'. And for you, you, and you to back it up and dump it (yeah). Put your arms out front, lean side to side (yeah). They gon' be on you when they see you hit that dougie right. Ain't nobody fuckin' with my bro from Morningside. He go by Bubba and he hit that dance with thunder (okay). I ain't from Dallas but I D-Town boogie. I show my moves off and everybody tryna do me. I leave the function and all the ladies tryna screw me. You just do you and I'ma do me (all day). Niggas love to hate so they try to shoot me. Bitches be stuck to me I think they tryna glue me. I make the party shine bright when it start to boomin'. The beat was bubblegum so I had to chew it. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. All my bitches love me. All my, all my bitches love me. All my bitches love me. You ain't fuckin' with my dougie. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. All my bitches love me. All my, all my bitches love me. All my bitches love me. You ain't fuckin' with my dougie. My name is Yung, for them dudes who don't know me. I know I'm from the west but I can teach you how to dougie. Step up in the club and all these bitches bug me. All these niggas dancin' and none of them know me. I hear da crowd screamin like "Aye get it Brody". So I move my shoulders and I take it real low. They like "how you do that he can dougie on the floor". And when that nigga stoppin' they like "dougie some mo'". I'm like a nigga kinda tired and I pass it to the bro. M-bone! show these cats how to do that. Down south dance and we learned it a lil' too fast. And bought it to the hood and got the whole crew at. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. All my bitches love me. All my, all my bitches love me. All my bitches love me. You ain't fuckin' with my dougie. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. All my bitches love me. All my, all my bitches love me. All my bitches love me. You ain't fuckin' with my dougie. Back of the party I don't really like to boogie. I'm just tryna get bent and meet a thick red bone (Hmm). She do her dougie and all the bitches hatin'. But I'm about to escape a bitch and head home (fuck it). She got her friends so it's her 2 hands. And wanna run it even if her legs long. She like you my hubby and I think she love me but. I change the subject and I do my dougie. Cause I don't give a fuck, blow trees get money. Me Smoove half feignin' in back with Playboy Bunnies. We gon' make 'em do that dougie in the middle of the bed. And when I asked for some head the bitch looked at me funny. DAAH bitch you can't tell me nothin'. Started baked the beat and I just took it out the oven. I just hit the dougie when everybody clubbin'. And I hate skinny jeans cause the burner keep rubbin'. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. All my bitches love me. All my, all my bitches love me. All my bitches love me. You ain't fuckin' with my dougie. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. Teach me how to dougie. T-teach me how to dougie. All my bitches love me. All my, all my bitches love me. All my bitches love me. You ain't fuckin' with my dougie.