Hey girl. Go on now. You know you’ve got everybody looking. Got a little boom in my big truck. Gonna open up the doors and turn it up. Gonna stomp my boots in the Georgia mud. Gonna watch you make me fall in love. Get up on the hood of my daddy’s tractor. Up on the tool box, it don’t matter. Down on the tailgate, girl I can’t wait. To watch you do your thing. Shake it for the young bucks sittin' in the honky-tonks. For the rednecks rockin' till the break of dawn. For the DJ spinnin' that country song. Come on, come on, come on. Shake it for the birds, shake it for the bees. Shake it for the catfish swimming down deep in the creek. For the crickets and the critters and the squirrels. Shake it to the moon, shake it for me girl, aww. Country girl, shake it for me girl, Shake it for me girl, shake it for me. Country girl, shake it for me girl, Shake it for me girl, shake it for me. Somebody's sweet little farmer shy, With a gatle in her Bud to get a little wild. Pony tail and a pretty smile, Rope me in from a country mile. So come on over here and get in my arms. Spin me around this big ole barn. Tangle me up like grandma's yarn, yeah, yeah, yeah. Shake it for the young bucks sittin' in the honky-tonks. For the rednecks rockin' till the break of dawn. For the DJ spinnin' that country song. Come on, come on, come on. Shake it for the birds, shake it for the bees. Shake it for the catfish swimming down deep in the creek. For the crickets and the critters and the squirrels. Shake it for the moon, shake it for me girl, aww. Country girl, shake it for me girl, Shake it for me girl, shake it for me. Country girl, shake it for me girl, Shake it for me girl, shake it for me. Now dance like a dandelion. In the name of the hill underneath the pines, yea. Move like the river flows. Feel the kick drum down deep in your toes. All I wanna do is get to holdin' you and get to knowin' you. And get to showin' you and get to lovin' you 'fore the night is through. Baby you know what to do. Shake it for the young bucks sittin' in the honky-tonks. For the rednecks rockin' till the break of dawn. For the DJ spinnin' that country song. Come on, come on, come on. Shake it for the birds, shake it for the bees. Shake it for the catfish swimming down deep in the creek. For the crickets and the critters and the squirrels. Shake it for the moon, shake it for me girl, aww. Country girl, shake it for me girl, Shake it for me girl, shake it for me. Country girl, shake it for me girl, Shake it for me girl, shake it for me. Country girl, shake it for me girl, Shake it for me girl, shake it for me. Country girl, shake it for me girl, Shake it for me girl, shake it for me.