. We're gonna skate to one song, one song only. Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna find me. So I ball so hard, motherfuckers wanna find me, first niggas gotta find me. What's fifty grand to a motherfucker like me, can you please remind me? Ball so hard, this shit crazy, y'all don't know that don't shit phase me. The Nets could go 0 for 82 and I look at you like this shit gravy. Ball so hard, this shit weird, we ain't even supposed to be here. Ball so hard, since we here, it's only right that we be fair. Psycho, I'm liable to go Michael, take your pick. Jackson, Tyson, Jordan, Game 6. Ball so hard, got a broke clock, Rolleys that don't tick tock. Audemars that's losing time, hidden behind all these big rocks. Ball so hard, I'm shocked, too, I'm supposed to be locked up, too. If you escaped what I've escaped, you'd be in Paris getting fucked up too. Ball so hard, let's get faded, Le Meurice for like six days. Gold bottles, scold models, spillin' ace on my sick J's. Ball so hard, bitch behave, just might let you meet Ye. Chi town's D. Rose, I'm movin' the Nets to BK. Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna find me. (That shit cray, that shit cray. That shit cray). Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna find me. (That shit cray, that shit cray. That shit cray). She said, "Ye, can we get married at the mall?". I said, "Look, you need to crawl 'fore you ball. Come and meet me in the bathroom stall. And show me why you deserve to have it all". (Ball so hard) That shit cray, that shit cray, ain't it Jay? (Ball so hard) What she order, what she order, fish filet? (Ball so hard) Your whip so cold, whip so cold, this old thing. (Ball so hard) Act like you'll ever be around motherfuckers like this again. Bougie girl, grab her hand, fuck that bitch, she don't wanna dance. Excuse my French but I'm in France, haha, I'm just sayin'. Prince William's ain't do it right if you ask me. 'Cause if I was him I would have married Kate and Ashley. What's Gucci, my nigga? What's Louis, my killa? What's drugs, my deala? What's that jacket, Margiela? Doctors say I'm the illest 'cause I'm suffering from realness. Got my niggas in Paris and they going gorillas, huh. (I don't even know what that means). No one knows what it means, but it's provocative. (No it's not, it's gross). Gets the people going. Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna find me. Ball so hard motherfuckers wanna find me. You are now watching the throne, don't let me get in my zone. Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone. These other niggas is lyin', actin' like the summer ain't mine. (I got that hot bitch in my home) You know how many hot bitches I own? Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone. Don't let me get in my zone, don't let me get in my zone. The stars is in the building, they hands is to the ceiling. I know I'm 'bout to kill it, how you know? I got that feeling. You are now watching the throne, don't let me into my zone. Don't let me into my zone, I'm definitely in my zone.