Well! It is a weeping and a moaning and a gnashing of teeth. It is a weeping and a mourning and a gnashing of teeth. When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound, believe! Lamborghini Mercy. Your chick she so thirsty (Swirv). I’m in that two seat Lambo. With your girl she tryna jerk me (Swirv). Lamborghini Mercy. Your chick she so thirsty (Swirv). I’m in that two seat Lambo. With your girl she tryna jerk me (Swirv). Lamborghini Mercy. Your chick she so thirsty (Swirv). I’m in that two seat Lambo. With your girl she tryna jerk me (Swirv). Lamborghini Mercy. Your chick she so thirsty (Swirv). I’m in that two seat Lambo. With your girl she tryna jerk me (Swirv). Drop it to the floor. Make that ass shake. Whoa make the ground move, that’s an ass quake. Built a house up on that ass, that’s an ass state. Roll my weed on it, that’s an ass tray. Say Ye, say Ye, don’t we do this every day-day? I work them long nights, long nights to get a pay day. Finally got paid, now I need shade and a vacay. And niggas still hatin’, so much hate I need an AK. Now we out in Paris, yeah I’m Perrierin’. White girls politicin' that’s that Sarah Palin. Gettin’ high, Californicatin’. I give her that d, 'cause that’s where I was born and raised in. Lamborghini Mercy. Your chick she so thirsty (Swirv). I’m in that two seat Lambo. With your girl she tryna jerk me (Swirv). It is a weeping, and a mourning, and a gnashing of teeth. It is a weeping, and a mourning, and a gnashing of teeth. When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound. Hello! Hello! It’s prime time, my top back, this pimp game hoe. I’m red leather, this cocaine, I’m Rick James hoe. I’m bill droppin’, Ms. Pac-Man is pill poppin’ ass hoe. I’m poppin’ too, these blue dolphins need two coffins. All she want is some heel money. All she need is some bill money. He take his time, he counts it out. I weighs it up, that’s real money. Check the neck, check the wrist. Them heads turnin’, that’s exorcist. My Audemar like Mardi Gras. That’s Swiss time and that’s excellence. Two door preference. Roof gone George Jefferson. That white frost on that pound cake. So your Duncan Heinz is irrelevant. Lambo, Mercy-lago, she go wherever I go. Wherever we go we do it pronto. Lamborghini Mercy. Your chick she so thirsty (Swirv). I’m in that two seat Lambo. With your girl she tryna jerk me (Swirv). It is a weeping, and a mourning, and a gnashing of teeth. It is a weeping, and a mourning, and a gnashing of teeth. When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound. Hello! Hello! Well it is a weeping, and a mourning, and a gnashing of teeth. In the dance hall, and who no have teeth will run pon them gums. Caw when time it comes to my sound, which is the champion sound. The bugle has blown the many times, and it still have one more time left. Caw the amount of stripe weh deh pon our shoulder. Let the suicide doors up. I threw suicides on the tour bus. I threw suicides on the private jet. You know what that mean, I’m fly to death. I step in Def Jam building like I’m the shit. Tell ‘em "Give me fifty million or imma quit.". Most rappers taste level ain’t at my waist level. Turn up the bass till it’s up in your face level. Don’t do no press but I get the most press, kid. Plus you're my bitch, make your bitch look like Precious. Somethin’ ’bout Mary she gone off that Molly. Now the whole party is melted like Dhali. Now everybody is movin’ they body. Don’t sell me apartment, I move in the lobby. Niggas is loiterin’ just to feel important. You gon' see lawyers and niggas in Jordans. Now catch up to my campaign. Coupe the color of mayonnaise. I’m drunk and high at the same time. Drinkin’ champagne on the airplane. Spit rounds like the gun range. Beat it up like Rampage. 100 bands, cut ya girl now your girl need a band-aid. Grade A, A1, chain the color of Akon. Platinum diamonds backpack around me. Cosigned by Louis Vuitton. Horse power, horse power. All this Polo on I got horse power. Pound of this cost four thousand. I make it rain, she want more showers. Rain pourin’, all my cars is foreign. All my broads is foreign, money tall like Jordan. Lamborghini Mercy. Your chick she so thirsty (Swirv). I’m in that two seat Lambo. With your girl she tryna jerk me (Swirv). It is a weeping, and a mourning, and a gnashing of teeth. It is a weeping, and a mourning, and a gnashing of teeth. When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound. Hello! Hello! It is a weeping, and a mourning, and a gnashing of teeth. It is a weeping, and a mourning, and a gnashing of teeth. When it comes to my sound which is the champion sound. Hello! Hello!.